well at either Internet people lives but
again so today we're gonna talk about
taking Mitch McConnell's advice because
he said something's good idea it is I
know that seems odd but he did and I
think we should do it we're gonna do it
in here we're going to take his advice
right here see it's hard to get a read
on McConnell because half the time he's
acting like Trump's intern and just
doing whatever he says and then
sometimes he breaks with him on weird
issues and it's hard to figure it out
but he said he's not in a hurry to do
the next stimulus package and now what
he actually said so I can be fair
because I'm gonna use him as an example
of something I don't think we have yet
felt the urgency of acting immediately
that time could develop but I don't
think it has yet and I can get that from
his point of view you know I mean all
his millionaire and billionaire buddies
they've already been bailed out it's not
like we need to worry about the little
guy who is currently creeping towards
one-in-five being unemployed
yeah I've been no urgency though get
around to it whenever you want to
that's not his logic his logic is that
we need to see what effect the money
we've spent already see the effects of
that money we need to see what it has
caused now bad is good advice that is
good advice let's see what the money
spent has done I like that so I went
over to opensecrets.org if you're not
familiar with it it isn't it's a website
that allows you to to determine who owns
your politician or I'm sorry who
contributes to the re-election campaign
of your reer elected representatives who
are always acting in good faith and I
went to McConnell's it's it's
interesting now I didn't want to be fair
I wanted to be fair to him
so I limited it to the last five years
and I'm only gonna talk about companies
that had given him on average $10,000 or
more per year for
five years if you break it down okay
no company that I'm going to mention has
given him less than $60,000 over those
five years and understand when I say
company you're gonna need to look at the
methodology that open secrets uses they
track the employers of individual donors
so that way if company X decides to
donate a whole bunch of money to a
senator they can't hide it by having
their employees donate the money okay so
when you're looking at his list yeah I
mean you've got the normal offenders the
people that normally contribute to
senators you've got the big investment
groups who already got their bailout you
got an or PAC vote saying you know the
normal ones you also have Altria Group
altria group no one knows what that is
right that's Philip Morris that's big
tobacco
maybe that explains why he's not in a
hurry to bail out the little guy like
the farmers in his state who were
already having trouble and how their
land is going to be available real cheap
if only there was some big company that
would probably buy it up he donates to
or he gets a lot of money from
healthcare you know one of the big
standbys when you start talking about
campaign contributions is that the
companies donate to candidates based on
their policies and their ideological
motivations and they support them based
on that because it seems real likely
that the healthcare industry and Big
Tobacco are going to support the same
candidate maybe it's not about that
maybe that it's about profit motivation
and maybe it's this is why McConnell is
so intractable when it comes to making
sure that everybody gets health care
making it more accessible because if
it's accessible well then it's got to be
cheaper it's not as profitable now
that a lot of money for health care a
lot like I mean tons let's see what else
we have here we have a Geo group it's a
real estate investment company kind of
private prisons that's what it really
has I think they do mental health care
facilities too and attempt to be fair
and it fits right in line will McConnell
not strange
whatever he always felt that way or if
that was a shift a change somebody
should look into that
here's an here's an interesting one
both FedEx and UPS giving money now
that's weird it's not like one is gonna
try to obtain a an edge over the other
not like they're trying to take out
their competitor unless of course that
competitor is the United States Post
Office which McConnell has recently just
abandoned it's almost like every single
policy decision the man makes can be
tracked back to this list let's see what
effect the money has there it is I
strongly suggest you do this I've talked
about this site on this channel before
go see who has contributed to your
candidate to your representative and see
how much you think your vote actually
matters when this much money is at play
because see us common folk us peons
those at the bottom well we really we
don't have lobbyists you know who our
lobbyists are supposed to be the people
taking this money in this system those
representatives those senators they're
supposed to lobby on our behalf but when
you're talking about that kind of money
and this kind of money that's not just
lunch money this is motive with a
universal adapter when you add this up
you are talking about millions
we talked about corruptions in other
countries the Senate and the house they
could give a master class on corruption
to all of these smaller governments that
we tend to criticize because they can do
it out in the open because they have the
people trained to think it's normal to
not ask questions to not see what effect
the money has got a great idea senator I
would suggest that getting stimulus
money in the hands of the little guy
those people in your state especially
senator it's probably pretty important
it is probably pretty important maybe
you should display a little bit of
urgency given the fact that all of the
experts are saying that we're gonna be
going through this ups and downs for a
while maybe get off your rear anyway
it's just a thought y'all y'all have a
good day